Update MS SQL Installation instructions (#85)
openequella/openequella.github.io: guides/InstallationAdminGuide.md

### Create a Microsoft SQL Server database instance for openEQUELLA

If you are using Microsoft SQL Server 2008, 2012 or 2014 for Windows, please ensure that the TCP/IP protocol has been enabled. 
You can achieve this by following these steps:

1. Open SQL Server Configuration Manager.
2. Expand “SQL Server Network Configuration” and click on “Protocols for MSSQLSERVER”.
3. Right click on “TCP/IP” and choose “Enable”.
4. Click “OK” on the Warning that the service will have to be restarted.
5. Click on “SQL Server Services”.
6. Right click on “SQL Server (MSSQLSERVER)” and choose “Restart”.

The person installing openEQUELLA must have access to the following information:

* Database Name: the installer default name is ‘equella’.
* Database User: the database user must be the database owner. For the openEQUELLA user login select ‘db_owner’.

It is required that Microsoft SQL Server databases have READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT enabled to avoid possible deadlocks. See http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms173763.aspx for more information. The following statement will enable this setting for a given database:

```sql
ALTER DATABASE MyEquellaDatabase SET READ_COMMITTED_SNAPSHOT ON;
```

> It is now possible to install Microsoft SQL Server for Linux, or as a Docker image. 
> 
> [Follow these steps to get it running on Ubuntu.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-ubuntu?view=sql-server-ver15)
> 
> [Follow these steps to get it running in a Docker Image.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-docker?view=sql-server-ver15&pivots=cs1-cmd)
> 

Reviewer: This seems at a bit of loose end here (and maybe it's also questionable whether it should be in this guide, but I think it's okay). So to try and bring it together maybe I suggest this alternative:

```suggestion
#### Microsoft SQL Server on Linux

Historically installing Microsoft SQL Server was limited to Windows. However it is now possibly to
run it on linux either directly or with official docker images. Microsoft provide the [SQL Server on
Linux documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/sql-server-linux-overview) which
includes quick start guides for:

* Installing on
  [RedHat](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-red-hat?view=sql-server-ver15),
  [SUSE](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-suse?view=sql-server-ver15)
  or
  [Ubuntu](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-ubuntu?view=sql-server-ver15);
  and
* Running as a [docker
  image](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-docker?view=sql-server-ver15&pivots=cs1-bash).
```
